hey YouTube I am sort of a theory that
that maybe my spark plug was getting
fouled
I showed a video in the in a previous
the previous video the spark plug so I
got it and sanded it up a little bit see
if maybe so maybe this helps cuz very
first day I run the scooter on hydroxy
gas it seemed to run a lot better than
it is now
so I'm gonna try seeing if cleaning up
the spark plug makes any difference so
yeah so that's what I'm gonna do okay
like I said in the last video I believe
that the spark plug may have become be
have been becoming fouled from running
from what running the hydroxy gas
through the through the through the
engine and I believe the main reason for
that is water coming through and getting
in there and because it seems like the
first time I did this setup it ran
really well and then ever since it's
been progressively getting worse so I I
took out the spark plug in it and it
looked like it may have been becoming
fouled so I took piece of sandpaper and
rubbed off rubbed off the electrodes so
I here I'll show you what I got here I
have a a piece of tubing here filled
with a desiccant material called dry
right and that should get rid of take
care of the water for me here's the flow
meter and I show to have another video
showing how to convert from cubic feet
per hour for air to milliliters per
minute for hydroxy and at running full
this this cell is putting out about 6
between 6 and 7 cubic feet per hour for
air
so you can look back to my previous
video and do that calculation so the new
set of tests here I'm going to repeat
some stuff and see see if if there is a
prevent from cleaning up the spark plug
so I enjoy the video okay
the first test here I will get the gas
in and from the carburetor repeating
kind of how I originally my original
tests so let's try this
okay we have it running now I'm going to
put the cork in
okay let's try this again
okay
that seems to be running quite a bit
better I think I am
some gas
I'll restrict the air a little bit
okay this time it seems like that it's
probably has pretty close to the right
air fuel ratio I'm interested to see
this
to guess that killed it let me start it
up again
okay let's see if we can trial it
seems like we got the request
that was pretty good
okay so it it seems like that a lot of
the difference there what had to do with
the with the air fuel I'm sorry the size
of the the size of the tubing here I'm
going to do make a little adjustment and
I'll show you what I did when I'm done